---
layout: post
title: Week 1 & 2
tags: [weekly blog]
date: 2022-06-25 23:18 +0530
---
This was a dull week due to increasing coursework from CSO102: Data Structures and Algorithms and additional preparation for upcoming internship drive tests. I covered the tasks mentioned in the introductory meeting. Takeaways from these are as follows:

- I read up on the [conference research paper](https://gsyc.urjc.es//jmplaza/papers/rie2021-unibotics-draft.pdf) co-authored by my mentor Sakshay Mahna on web templates. This research paper detailed the working of the web template architecture and how it eliminates the need of installing Gazebo on the local system and running the code on the student's IDE. With the help of web templates, the students is able to write code in the browser itself which communicates with the docker container using web sockets.  Additional questions noted while reading up on web templates are:
  - How do I make changes to existing web templates?
  - What will be the methodology to add new elements to the web templates?
  - Is the templates for the Amazon Warehouse exercise from last year's GSoC reusable or do I have to make specific templates for each exercise ported?
- I read the [doc](https://github.com/JdeRobot/RoboticsAcademy/blob/master/docs/clientside.md) for RoboticsAcademy frontend and backend communication. I'm still a little fuzzy on the working but I believe this will be cleared up while working on it.
- I got well versed with docker commands and working. I containerized a simple python web application which made the background color of a webpage red.
